v1.0.1 (#3419)
hyperium/hyper: CHANGELOG.md

### v1.0.1 (2023-11-16)

This release "fixes" or adds a few things that should have been in 1.0.0, but were forgotten. Thus, it includes additions that would normally be a semver-minor release, but because it is so close to 1.0.0, it is released as a patch version.

#### Bug Fixes

* **rt:** implement Read/Write for Pin<P> (#3413) ([dd6d81ca](https://github.com/hyperium/hyper/commit/dd6d81ca4a180695dc70d6c9b2aececd29606224), closes [#3412](https://github.com/hyperium/hyper/issues/3412))

#### Features

* **rt:** Make ReadBuf::new public ([7161f562](https://github.com/hyperium/hyper/commit/7161f56274a30bfbe4a718bbe21d35beaf86b00b))

#### Breaking Changes

> * Pin is #[fundamental], so this theoretically conflicts

Reviewer: Oops, I didn't realize how those were supposed to be formatted; this doesn't give much context. Probably could stick the commit subject in front of here.

> * Pin is #[fundamental], so this theoretically conflicts
>   with existing user Read/Write for Pin<...> impls. However, those impls
>   probably don't exist yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Pin is #[fundamental], so providing a Read/Write impl for it theoretically conflicts
  with existing user Read/Write for Pin<...> impls. However, those impls
  probably don't exist yet.
```
Whoops, I didn't realize how these were supposed to be formatted.
